hi guys it's Kara I thought I would do a
quick video and show you what I have
been keeping in my newest pencil case
this is the one that I carry with me in
my purse and I showed it to you guys in
a haul video a few videos back and I
just thought I would show you all the
stuff that I managed to keep in here so
show you you open it up and first of all
I have a little versafine ink pad in
there that's my favorite black onyx
black so I have that tucked in there I
have that little ballpoint pen that I
showed you guys in the hall I have a
micron pen a white uniball signo pen
this is a wink of Stella glitter marker
and then this is a little pair of
scissors that I have I have that in
there and that has been staying right
here in this little attached part that
has the elastic loops and down here I
have an eraser this actually comes up
like a pencil there you go
so I have the eraser I have a ruler okay
I have a Collette Oh pen this has four
of my probably most commonly used colors
pink green black and in this case a dark
blue this is a little adhesive pen it's
a tombow glue pen that I had picked up
this is a little clip I showed this in a
video but I got from this from the whole
bunny Chi website and basically you can
use it on a book clip it in like that
and then you can take your pen and
attach it to the book like so so I have
one of those in there just in case I
need it and I have some little sticky
flags that I can use
I have a variety of little journaling
cards some little date type things that
I could cut out and adhere down these
are different little stickers kind of
like washi tape but there are some in
different shapes and sizes have those
another little journaling spot there I
have two old gift cards covered in some
washi tape some of my new favorites that
I had picked up and then a few that are
in neutrals that both of those they're I
have this stamp set which I really like
and then hiding in the back here it
tucked in that one from Studio l2e the
Kawai feelings I'm gonna be using that
quite a bit then I have a wet wipe what
I'm hoping is going to stay a wet wipe
in this nice little ziplock like bag and
then I have just kind of a little random
labeling sticker sheet I think this is
from a Teresa Collins pack that I have
of all of that then up here I have a
little tape runner little adhesive
runner and I have a tiny little portable
water brush you can see comes out like
that and there's a little water brush I
have that one and then I have a few
things tucked in this pocket here pull
them all out and I'll show you what it
is so I have a small little Tim Holtz
acrylic block to use with those stamps
that I show you I have some more flags
some little different shape journaling
spots a little thing I can use for the
day it's some kind of fabric type tape I
can use like washy I don't remember what
the brand is on this right now some
other little stickers that are firm I
think Prima I have an extra ink for that
little ballpoint extra LED for
a pencil and then the little double
stick adhesive tape
so that's all of the stuff that I
managed to fit in here I think it holds
quite a bit I do want to say a couple
things you'll notice I don't have any
fountain pens in here that's actually
because I hold my fountain pens in a
different container that I'm going to
show you at another time and you would
have noticed that I have an eraser but
no pencil and that's because the pencil
that I use is in with the fountain pens
so again I'll show you that at a later
time so that's all the goodies that I
carry with me just to keep portable but
you know small if you have any questions
about any of them leave me a comment
down below or if you just want to leave
a comment that's also welcome I always
like to hear from you guys and I guess
that's it
if you're interested this little pencil
pack I did pick up from jetpens I think
it was kind of getting low on with the
quantities of them though so I'm not a
hundred percent sure if they're still
there if you're interested it is the
nomadic brand and you can check it out
over at jetpens so once again guys
thanks so much for watching and I hope
you are having a great day we're at bye
everybody